description.txt
Last modified: Sun Sep 09, 2018  04:45PM
Description for Amazon KDP (4000 chars max)
------------------------------------------------

Binding Off - because what else COULD you call a erotic story about
knitting?

In these pages you will find a psychedelic tale of a shy young woman who
finds her innocent knitting project inexplicably occupied with a strange
force. The more she knits, the more bizarre things become until her life
is taken over by her obsession with her craft - and her craft takes over
her body with an obsession all its own.

Here is an exploration of how far a passion for a hobby can be
taken, sometimes revealing wholly new heights of pleasure, and
sometimes revealing dark fantasies that previously existed only in the
subconscious. Break away from conventional tales of bondage and erotica,
and maybe discover something new about yourself in this story that
pushes against the edges of what love and craft are.


"But as her body moves, all the yarn in the room suddenly gains tension.
There's a swift swishing sound as the lines pull taut. She feels
everything in the room move at once, from the big ropey lines supporting
her weight, down to the tiny interlocking stitches pressed against her
skin.

"She rests in mid-air, suspended above her bed by the network of yarn
slicing around the room. It holds her, and at the same time it caresses
her. She feels its touch through the stitches on her arms, her legs,
her stomach. It feels as if her weight is held in its giant hand, and
it contemplates her like Yorick's skull. Hundreds of strings and lines
of yarn, ranging from individual strands up to thick knitted cables now
move on her. She is wrapped by long meaty loops that move around her
legs, and her arms, and her neck; and thin little strings that slip
between her fingers. A loop circles her hair and pulls it gently into a
pony tail, and it lifts to supports her head.

"She hangs quietly and meditatively for a while, feeling the caress of
the yarn, gently tightening and loosening, and sliding over her body. It
feels along her body. And as it feels her, she feels it. She can feel
its affection through the way the yarn touches her. The caresses slide
up and down her arms, her legs, between her fingers, and around her
neck.

"She can feel all the different textures of the different yarns. The
scratchy itch of cheap wool, and the smooth toughness of nylon and
polyester strings. In places there's even some slick and soft rayon and
silk. And she's sure she can tell just by the touch of it, that her
foot has been wrapped in a small scarf she made of an extremely fine
cashmere.

"But the thing doesn't just want to hold her."



