dive-into-yarn-monster-on-(what's left of)lsd.txt
Last modified: Mon May 07, 2018  10:02PM


She lays back on the bed. One hand comes down to rest on the head of her
cat. The other comes down to thigh and wanders slowly. Her fingers drag
up in the inside seam of her jeans. She just keeps staring at the cat.

She undoes her jeans, and slides the zipper down. Her hand comes away
from the cat, and she loops her thumbs over the waist and slips her
jeans down to her ankles , bringing her knees up to her chest, and then
letting her jeans slip off her feet onto the floor.

One hand goes back to the head of the cat, but now she's looking in the
other direction. She is looking for her vibrator on the nightstand. She
finds it, more by feel than by seeing it. She holds it in her hand and
looks at it. All cold silicone and of an unnatural shade of blue. She's
gotten a lot of use out of this vibrator. She has no complaints. But the
thing seems so thing-like and robotic. Cold and more machine than the
part of her she sometimes feel it as.

That's what the cozy is for! She leans over the other side of the bed
and picks up her knitting from the floor. The needles are still in,
but she decides to try it on for size. She slips the cozy over the end
of the vibrator and it slips smoothly on, almost as if it were a pussy
slick and wet taking a big cock inside.

Immediately it feels warm and comforting in her hand. She holds it
gripped in her fist as she turns it on. She can feel the shaft of the
vibrator, moving subtly-coyly under the sleeve of yarn. She touches it
to the inside of her thigh and slides it upwards. So pleasant. It moves
the way only natural materials can.

She touches it to her pussy. That's a little weird. For a second she has
a hard time reconciling the feeling of material pressed to her pussy.
But then she imagines a man, touching her through her panties while
crammed together on the train. And that turns it immediately into a hot
play thing. She touches her pussy with one extended finger, and finds
she's completely wet. She grips the cozied vibrator and plunges it
against her clit.

At least, that was her intention. But as she brought her hand towards
herself, it suddenly turned, and she found herself plunging her
newly-knit vibrator cozy plus vibrator deep into her pussy. Her cunt
clenched at this odd mix of hard and soft penetrating into it. She let
out a gasp of warm air from slightly parted lips.

How odd. She thought to herself. I could swear the vibrator just did
that on it's own power.

She's holding the vibrator still, half buried in her pussy, with the
needles rapidly turning into a tangled mess between her thighs. She's
holding the vibrator still, but she could swear she feels it moving
inside her. As if with a mind of it's own, it was now fucking her.





